{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bicha 1\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Marley Bicha\
\
Mr. Cassens\
\
MART 120\
\
03 September 2023\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Comparing GUI and CLI Systems\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 	Today I will be writing a brief summarization comparing the GUI (Graphic User Interface) and CLI (Command Line Interface) systems. The biggest difference between these mechanisms of computer interaction is the way that commands are executed. The GUI is a graphically designed interface, the way you interact with the computer is by using your mouse/mouse-pad to Left, Right, and Double click or by Dragging and Dropping computer elements on the Computer screen. The CLI is a terminal/console window, it is a text based program that interacts with the computer by inputting commands and arguments into the interface. The GUI is extremely user friendly because of its visual interactivity, this makes it an incredibly intuitive mechanism for utilizing the files, programs, and functions of a computer. The CLI while less intuitive can be much more efficient for an experienced user. In addition to its efficiency of executing commands quickly and precisely the CLI is less constrained by the processing requirements necessary for GUI interactions. The CLI is highly scriptable as well which easily enables the application of automating repetitive tasks. In conclusion, the implementation of both interfaces have many benefits. Both systems have developed over many years with the intention of optimizing computer interaction and that only contributes to their efficiency and efficacy.      }